"Ekabali, please drink your milk! Don't make me come over there." It's amazing how Moms can do that. All the way from the kitchen, she'll know what or when we are doing something or not. Well, she's not my actual mom but in my opinion she's the best mother a daughter could ever ask for. Mrs Madhumati Das is matron and caretaker of our orphanage, 'Mad', we call her with love. "I don't want to drink milk, I don't like it. I'm 24 for crying out loud, I think I should have a say in what I should or shouldn't have." Along with being one of the nicest human being you'll ever meet, she also happens to be a woman with many hats. For us, she's a great teacher when we're curious, a great story teller for our wayward mind, a great coach if you wish to push your atheletic body to its limits or a great dancer if you will to express the most inexpressable expressions. "It doesn't matter how old you are, as long as you are alive you will always drink milk before going to bed. You are a young girl, you'll need your strength with you." she said storming into my bedroom. 

As I moved over to  drink the milk kept on my table, she snuck a peek into my laptop, on which I was otherwise engaged, stalking a boy from work. "You know this will never happen. Why do you torture yourself so?" Our orphanage was unique, in a way that nobody was ever allowed to adopt any child from here (according to statistics, nobody did anyway). So when you turn 23 you have an option to move out and lead your own life or commit and dedicate yourself to the orphanage and its mission. Last year I chose the latter. This means that like Mad, the only relationship I can have is with the kids of the orphanage, the one of motherly love. "He's a new joinee in our office, I was just checking out his skillset, Jeez!" I said, but the look on her face told me that I wasn't the only one feeling the venomous fangs of a spinster's vow.

Now I am not a lady who regrets her decisions often. The orphanage has been my whole life, I really do want to contribute whole heartedly to its efforts, but sometimes, just sometimes it really does feel unfair. So when I got invited to a night party that very same evening, I didn't think twice before RSVPing 'Yes'. When the clock hit 12 that night, I raided Mad's make-up cabinet for some lipstic and blush, hit the party co-ordinates on the GPS and took off into the moon lit night. The drive was pretty far away, but I made good time because of the empty roads.Since this was a secret party, the invite said to park the vehicle 1KM away from the location. The GPS was taking me through weird places, as and when I took turns, the roads seemed to get smaller and smaller. Until I turned upon a road with no street light.
This is when it happened, three men came out of no where and grabbed me by my waist. They didn't look your typical Bollywood type molesters. Their clothes and hair told me that they were from a well to do family, but the stench from their shamelessly hanging mouth and their sweaty faces were clear indication that they were drunk. I fought them, I tried to run. One I could have managed, Mad taught us how to fight, but fighting three people? One of them eventually knocked me down with a punch to my face. They took turns kissing me, sometimes biting on my lips, and then they started groping every part of my body on which they could lay their filthy hand upon. This continued for a whole minute. Because a whole minute is what it takes, for the poison to start taking effect.

You see, they had decided to mess with the daughter of wrong orphanage. Long before even Mad was born, Guru Vedantha, our patron saint had established an institution of orphanages across the city and explicitly banned any kind of adoption so as to save children from entering slave market. To protect the institution from the muscles of human traffickers, the children were trained in the ways of assassins and taught stealth martial arts from a very young age, so that they can always return home, wherever they went. I, Ekabali, was trained in the ways of Vishkanyas. I have been drinking milk spiked with small doses of poison every day since age of five. Now at the age of 24 I'm immune to 101 different kinds of poison, including the one in my lipstic. The violent spasms and blood coming out of these pitiable men suggested that they had no immunity from my lipstic what so ever. I guess this is what 'Killing with Love' literally means.

I find my mobile near the last man, still alive, violently coughing out blood. As his soul dissipates from his body, cleansed of all sins commited by his ego, I dismiss the GPS notification which says "You have arrived at your location." Mad will be glad to know that the party has started. Vedantha institution has now changed tactics from defensive to offensive, with her being the opening batsman. I could smell a war brewing up in the hearth of Mumbai.

