A fierce burst of pride swelled up his chest as he saw his student, Rudra, appearing 
from behind the folds of the farthest tree, with a party of some forty odd bandits close on 
her heels, frantic in pursuit and thirsty for her blood. This was her very first 
field assignment and Vaikuntha had been dreaming of this day ever since she was 
placed in his hands, kicking and crying, as if she was challenging the mighty Kumbh 
himself for a duel.

Were bandits not consumed by such blood lust, it would have been apparent to them 
that they were being lured into an ambush. Just few yards ahead, camouflaged in 
between the trees were 5 compatriots of her, eager to put all those experience 
yielded from years of simulations and mock battles to some real use. At a close 
distance behind them Vaikuntha, supervising this assignment as a mute spectator.

The bandits finally caught upto her in what seemed to be a curious clearing in 
between the woods which looked like it had recently served as a camping site. And
there on top of a tree stump, sitting cross legged was Rudra, calm and still, giving no
hint of any participation in this hour long chase. An overwhelming sense of foreboding flooded 
the senses of Dritha, the leader of Esaya bandits, although his caution was not shared by others.
This was apparent from the cheering, jeering and those triumphant look on their faces 
believing that this 18 year old girl, was now finally at their mercy. So it was with much 
disdain that they pulled the reins of their horses, when Dritha commanded to halt. 

"You are surrounded and you are outnumbered. You gave a good chase, that I accept, but 
you can not run for ever. Leave the Chandramani right where you are and walk away. Thank 
your lucky stars that it goes against an Esaya's honour to harm a youngling.
Return our Chandramani and walk away, your life will still be spared." yelled across Dritha, much to 
the disappointment of his commrades. But none spoke up against him, for even though they wanted to 
taste blood of this vile punk, each one of them trusted Dritha's judgement with their own life. 
"The honour that you speak of, I don't buy it. There is no honour among theives." replied Rudra with voice that was being carried 
by air with obvious bias. "I think the real reason that 
you won't fight me, is because you are afraid to do so. Next time you decide to chase down someone who 
took something of yours, better bring along little girls, who'll do the fighting for you."

Trap or no trap, there was no way he could let that jibe pass unbloodied. "Bring me her head, but spare no hint 
of her body!" snarled Dritha. Impatient, his men flooded the clearing like a dam let loose while Rudra stood up 
and steadied herself for the impact, not that of the incoming assault but for the earth that was about to quake. Just as the bandits 
were one feet away from converging, two boulders hit the earth with a ground shattering impact. However, undettered, 
bandits countinued forward with their assault, realizing too late that it was 
a pair of 10 feet high and 4 feet wide half giant twins who had just landed in the forray. They were grabbing and crushing anyone within their 
arms reach, as soon as they got up on their feet. Bana and Bali, as were their names, were weaponless 
warriors of Mandarakala mountains, with skin so strong that swords and spears would snap on impact. Two more fighters 
entered the arena, Chitra putting pressure on the left flank and Ashwatha trying to hold down the right.
Adding to the chaos that was being delivered to them from left, right and center, bandits didn't notice 
their numbers being steadily thinned down by the unerring arrows that were being rained down from the trees. What appeared
to be arrow fountains sprouting from all arround the clearing was an illusion being effected by a camouflaged arch prodigy. Ruki 
from Ekalavya clan, was showering arrows in the clearing whilst tracing repeated circles around it.

Rudra herself a fearsome warrior was hacking her way through the centre of the bloodbath fast approaching her prime target, 
Dritha. When she finally stood before him, all of his comrades had fallen. Either injured to the extent of immobility or put in a deep intoxicated sleep by the arrows, 
but none were dead. For such was their skill and such was their strength, taking a life was something that they could do without.

Dritha realising the futility of his situation surrendered himself by raising his hand and kneeling on the ground. It was not the first time he was facing 
such humiliation by the hands of these cruel Arya soldiers. It was only a month ago that an Arya scum had snuck in and made away with their Chandramani, a moonstone 
that had been passed over from generation to generation, since the begining of .... well, time. It was not only a royal heir loom but also a symbol of great hope in the ever pervading 
darkness. 'Taking a life was something an Aryan could do without', pahh, tell that to the widows of Chandra rakhwals. It was in this state of depair and outrage, that the 
great Esaya king, Dritha, had vowed to engage on this quest himself and to return only with Chandramani safe in his hand. He along with his forty best men, were the 
first among the Chandrakaalas to have crossed the mighty Narmada since the pact of Great Divide was established, five hundred years ago. How fair was it to call him a thief, 
a bandit king, when it was infact them who had stolen it from Esaya in the first place?

Rudra, with a tinge of disapointment that it was over so quickly, cuffed the Esaya king with traditional Aryan constraint knots. Once satisfied that her knots will hold, 
she took out the conch and blew 4 sharp whistles signalling the completion of her assignment. She could see Vaikuntha, her guru, half running from a distance.
He could barely conceal his grin, pride evident in his face. But he did not congratulate her just yet, as their was a last task yet to be ticked off. Clearing his throat he read out 
a report he had just recieved. They were to escort the king to Karmanda village, where the supreme God Shiva had requested an audience with him. 
The report also mentioned that as long as the king was under constraints, he was to be treated with dignity. It struck odd to Rudra that composer of the report 
had chosen the word 'audience' instead of 'judgement' or 'punishment'. 
"Do not concern yourself with the politics of words. It's not your place to question them." Vaikuntha replied when she shared this little observation with him. "And a word of caution, do 
not pester Mahadev with your silly questions. I heard it from the grape vine that Shiva has recently returned from a highly classified mission which involved him scouting deep into 
the unchartered territory of Mahalaya. What he was doing their only he knows, but when he returned, he was barely able to stand, let alone walk. He is recuperating in 
Karmanda from where he sent this report. So today might not be the best day to test his patience."